Added a table to help more quickly mentally model range operators (#31223)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/whats-new/tutorials/ranges-indexes.md

[!code-csharp[SemanticsExamples](~/samples/snippets/csharp/tutorials/RangesIndexes/IndicesAndRanges.cs#IndicesAndRanges_Semantics)]

### Implicit range operator expression conversions

When using the range operator expression syntax, the compiler implicitly converts the start and end values to an <xref:System.Index> and from them, creates a new <xref:System.Range> instance. The following code shows an example implicit conversion from the range operator expression syntax, and its corresponding explicit alternative:

:::code language="csharp" source="../../../../samples/snippets/csharp/tutorials/RangesIndexes/IndicesAndRanges.cs" id="ImplicitRangeOperatorConversion":::

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > Implicit conversions from <xref:System.Int32> to <xref:System.Index> will throw the <xref:System.ArgumentOutOfRangeException> when the value is negative. Likewise, the `Index` constructor will throw `ArgumentOutOfRangeException` when the `value` parameter is negative.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Implicit conversions from <xref:System.Int32> to <xref:System.Index> throw an <xref:System.ArgumentOutOfRangeException> when the value is negative. Likewise, the `Index` constructor throws an `ArgumentOutOfRangeException` when the `value` parameter is negative.
```
